Group & Groups doc updated - about using local and etc groups (#5483)
chef/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/groups.md

Use the `groups` Chef InSpec audit resource to test multiple groups on the system.

> Following system groups are used in the `groups` resource:
> 
> - in **Non-Windows** system, resource only works with groups listed in file `/etc/group` and not local groups of the system.
> 
> - in **Windows** system, resource only works with local groups of the system.

Reviewer: Same as above
```suggestion
The `groups` resource uses the following system groups:

- On **non-Windows** systems the group resource tests local groups defined in the`/etc/group` file.
- On **Windows** systems the group resource tests local groups defined by Local Users and Groups.
```
